{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs60 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Privacy Policy for Aim Above: Grade Calculator\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 At IntuitiveMedLLC, we value your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and share information about you when you use our Aim Above: Grade Calculator app.\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 Information We Collect\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 We may collect your email address and first name if you sign up for an account. We use this information to personalize your experience and send you updates about the app. If you choose not to sign up for an account, we will only collect usage data and diagnostics to help us improve the app.\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 How We Use Your Information\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 We may use your email address and first name to personalize your experience with Aim Above: Grade Calculator and to send you updates about the app. We may also use usage data and diagnostics to improve the app and to analyze trends and usage patterns.\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 Sharing Your Information\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 We will not share your information with any third parties, except as required by law or as necessary to provide the app to you. We may share anonymous, aggregated usage data and diagnostics with third-party analytics providers to help us improve the app.\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 Your Choices\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 If you have signed up for a free account, you may update or delete your personal information at any time through the Settings page on the app. If you do not want us to collect usage data and diagnostics, you can opt out by adjusting your device settings.\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 Security\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no security measures are perfect, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information.\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 Updates to This Policy\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 We may update this privacy policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (if you have signed up for an account) or by posting a notice in the app.\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 Contact Us\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at aimabove@intuitivemedllc.com.}